{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13780\viewh5400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
INSERT INTO `Step` (`Recipe_ID`, `Step_Content`, `Step_Number`) VALUES\
 (1,\'92Preheat oven to 350 convection or 375 conventional.',1),\
(1, 'Mix 1/2 cup light brown sugar with one tablespoon chili powder and 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper.',2),\
(1, 'Prep baking tray with aluminum foil to help clean up and a rack. Spray heavy with cooking spray',3),\
 (1,'Cut bacon strips in half and trim any large chunks of fat.',4),\
 (1, 'Dip bacon in the brown sugar mixture and coat well.',5),\
(1, 'Spread over the prepared rack leaving a little space then give them a light dusting of additional sugar and spice.',6),\
(1, 'Bake until bacon appears done which is dark along the edges. About 20 minutes for me but start checking at 15 minutes. The sugar can begin to burn when left in too long. Remove from oven and let sit for a few minutes and pat off any pools of fat on top the paper towel carefully.',7),\
 (1, 'Then transfer for cooling, another rack, a baking mat, parchment paper or just a plate should do. Do not "drain" on a paper towel due to sticking.',8),\
\
(2, 'Preheat the oven to 350\'c2\'b0F (175\'c2\'b0C), and butter a 4x8-inch loaf pan.', 1),\
\
(2, 'In a mixing bowl, mash the ripe bananas with a fork until completely smooth. Stir the melted butter into the mashed bananas.', 2),\
\
(2, 'Mix in the baking soda and salt. Stir in the sugar, beaten egg, and vanilla extract. Mix in the flour.', 3),\
\
(2, 'Pour the batter into your prepared loaf pan. Bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour at 350\'c2\'b0F (175\'c2\'b0C), or until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean.', 4),\
\
(3, 'In a shallow dish, mix flour, paprika, onion powder, and garlic powder.', 1),\
\
(3, 'In another dish, beat the eggs, milk, and salt. ', 2),\
\
(3, 'Drip the chicken in the egg mixture then the flour mixture multiple times to ensure it is coated. ', 3),\
\
(3, 'In a deep fryer, heat the oil to 375\'c2\'ba. ', 4),\
\
(3, 'Cook chicken a few pieces at a time until the internal temperature reaches 165\'c2\'ba (about 7-8 minutes per side).', 5),\
\
(3, 'Drain the chicken on paper towel.', 6),\
4, "Cut the steak into strips and sprinkle with salt, black pepper and garlic powder.",1),\
(4,'In a large skillet, brown the steak on both sides in olive oil and butter.',2),\
(4, 'Remove the steak from the pan and add the onion slices and mushrooms to the pan drippings.',3),\
(4, 'Saute for a few minutes, until the onion is tender. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of flour.',4),\
(4, 'Put the steak back into the pan with the onions and mushrooms. Add the mushroom soup and beef broth. Cook over low heat for about 30 minutes and cover.',5),\
(4, 'Adjust seasoning to taste as needed.',6),\
(4, 'Stir in the sour cream the last few minutes, right before serving over cooked pasta.',7),\
\
(5, 'In a small bowl, mix together sour cream and flour. Stir in the water, bouillon and pepper. Set aside. \\r\\n', 1),\
\
(5, 'In large pan, cook and stir meat, onion, and garlic in hot butter over medium heat for about 5 min. ', 2),\
\
(5, 'Drain fat. Stir sour cream mixture into meat in the skillet. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. ', 3),\
\
(5, 'Bring quinoa and water to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until quinoa is tender and water has been absorbed, 10 to 15 minutes. Set aside to cool.', 4),\
\
(5, 'Whisk olive oil, lime juice, 1 teaspoon salt, and red pepper flakes together in a bowl', 5),\
\
(5, 'Combine quinoa, tomatoes, black beans, and green onions together in a bowl. Pour dressing over quinoa mixture; toss to coat. Stir in cilantro; season with salt and black pepper. Serve immediately or chill in refrigerator.', 6),\
\
(6, 'Peel and seed the tomatoes and set aside.Chop the onion, mince the garlic, and grate half of the carrot.', 1),\
\
(6, 'Pour the olive oil into a large stockpot over medium heat.When hot, add the diced onions to the olive oil and saute for 5 minutes.', 2),\
\
(6, 'Add the garlic and grated carrot and saute for 2-3 minutes longer or until onions are translucent and tender.', 3),\
\
(6, 'Add the tomatoes, chopped basil leaves, oregano, thyme bay leaves, parsley, and sea salt.', 4),\
\
(6, 'Simmer on low heat for 2-3 hours or until cooked down and starting to darken.', 5),\
\
(6, 'Add the remaining carrot for the last 30 minutes to absorb acidity.', 6),\
\
(6, 'Remove bay leaves and carrot. Use an immersion blender for a smoother sauce. ', 7),\
\
(7, 'Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C.)', 1),\
\
(7, 'In a saucepan, combine chicken, carrots, peas, and celery. Add water to cover and boil for 15 minutes. Remove from heat, drain and set aside.', 2),\
\
(7, 'In the saucepan over medium heat, cook onions in butter until soft and translucent. Stir in flour, salt, pepper, and celery seed. Slowly stir in chicken broth and milk. Simmer over medium-low heat until thick. Remove from heat and set aside.', 3),\
\
(7, 'Place the chicken mixture in bottom pie crust. Pour hot liquid mixture over. Cover with top crust, seal edges, and cut away excess dough. Make several small slits in the top to allow steam to escape.', 4),\
\
(7, 'Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until pastry is golden brown and filling is bubbly. Cool for 10 minutes before serving.', 5),\
\
(8, 'Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C)', 1),\
\
(8, 'In a large bowl, combine the beef, egg, onion, milk and bread OR cracker crumbs. Season with salt and pepper to taste and place in a lightly greased 5x9 inch loaf pan, OR form into a loaf and place in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish.', 2),\
\
(8, 'In a separate small bowl, combine the brown sugar, mustard and ketchup. Mix well and pour over the meatloaf.', 3),\
\
(8, 'Bake for 1 hour.', 4),\
\
(9, 'Beat eggs, water, salt and pepper in small bowl until blended.', 1),\
\
(9, 'HEAT butter in 6 to 8-inch nonstick omelet pan or skillet over medium-high heat until hot. TILT pan to coat bottom. POUR IN egg mixture. Mixture should set immediately at edges.', 2),\
\
(9, 'GENTLY PUSH cooked portions from edges toward the center with inverted turner so that uncooked eggs can reach the hot pan surface. CONTINUE cooking, tilting pan and gently moving cooked portions as needed.', 3),\
\
(9, 'When top surface of eggs is thickened and no visible liquid egg remains, PLACE filling on one side of the omelet. FOLD omelet in half with turner. With a quick flip of the wrist, turn pan and INVERT or SLIDE omelet onto plate. SERVE immediately.', 4),\
\
(10, 'Preheat oven to 350 degrees and line a baking sheet with parchment paper (or coat with baking spray).', 1),\
\
(10, 'In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar together until light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Add in the egg, vanilla extract, and almond extract; beat until combined.', 2),\
\
(10, 'Add in flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Mix until just combined, making sure to scrape down the sides of the bowl every now and again.', 3),\
\
(10, 'Roll dough into 1\\" balls and roll in sugar.', 4),\
\
(10, 'Place on baking sheet, about 2\\" apart. Bake for 10-11 minutes, or until cookies have set. Allow to cool.', 5),\
\
(11, 'Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C)', 1),\
\
(11, 'Place chicken breasts between two sheets of heavy plastic (resealable freezer bags work well) on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of 1/2-inch. Season chicken thoroughly with salt and pepper.', 2),\
\
(11, 'Beat eggs in a shallow bowl and set aside.', 3),\
\
(11, 'Mix bread crumbs and 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese in a separate bowl, set aside.', 4),\
\
(11, 'Place flour in a sifter or strainer; sprinkle over chicken breasts, evenly coating both sides. ', 5),\
\
(11, 'Dip flour coated chicken breast in beaten eggs. Transfer breast to breadcrumb mixture, pressing the crumbs into both sides. Repeat for each breast. Set aside breaded chicken breasts for about 15 minutes.', 6),\
\
(11, 'Heat 1 cup olive oil in a large skillet on medium-high heat until it begins to shimmer. Cook chicken until golden, about 2 minutes on each side. The chicken will finish cooking in the oven.', 7),\
\
(11, 'Place chicken in a baking dish and top each breast with about 1/3 cup of tomato sauce. Layer each chicken breast with equal amounts of mozzarella cheese, fresh basil, and provolone cheese. Sprinkle 1 to 2 tablespoons of Parmesan cheese on top and drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil.', 8),\
\
(11, 'Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is browned and bubbly, and chicken breasts are no longer pink in the center, 15 to 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).', 9),\
\
(12, 'In a stock pot, cook sausage, ground beef, onion, and garlic over medium heat until well browned. Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, tomato sauce, and water. Season with sugar, basil, Italian seasoning, 1 tablespoon salt, pepper, and 2 tablespoons parsley. Simmer, covered, for about 1 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally.', 1),\
\
(12, 'Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna noodles in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes. Drain noodles, and rinse with cold water. In a mixing bowl, combine ricotta cheese with egg, remaining parsley, and 1/2 teaspoon salt.', 2),\
\
(12, 'Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).', 3),\
\
(12, 'To assemble, spread 1 1/2 cups of meat sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. Arrange 6 noodles lengthwise over meat sauce. Spread with one half of the ricotta cheese mixture. Top with a third of mozzarella cheese slices. Spoon 1 1/2 cups meat sauce over mozzarella, and sprinkle with 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese. Repeat layers, and top with remaining mozzarella and Parmesan cheese. Cover with foil: to prevent sticking, either spray foil with cooking spray, or make sure the foil does not touch the cheese.', 4),\
\
(12, 'Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes. Remove foil, and bake an additional 25 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes before serving.', 5),\
\
(13, 'Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.', 1),\
\
(13, 'Arrange cauliflower on the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt, mixed herbs, and pepper. Drizzle with olive oil; toss until well coated.', 2),\
\
(13, 'Roast in the preheated oven until crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Place in an 8-inch baking dish.', 3),\
\
(13, 'Combine Cheddar cheese, heavy cream, clarified butter, and nutmeg in a saucepan over medium heat; simmer until bubbly, about 5 minutes. Pour over cauliflower; mix well. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese on top.', 4),\
\
(13, 'Bake in the preheated oven until golden, about 10 minutes.', 5),\
\
(14, 'Butter four oven safe dishes.', 1),\
\
(14, 'Pour 1/4 cup sauce in the base of each dish. ', 2),\
\
(14, 'Crack two eggs in each dish. Top each with one tablespoon of cream and one tablespoon of cheese.', 3),\
\
(14, 'Sprinkle with salt and pepper. ', 4),\
\
(14, 'Bake in toaster oven, set at 400F degrees, for 10-15 minutes until white of eggs are cooked and yolk is desired doneness.', 5),\
\
(14, 'Serve with buttered toast. ', 6),\
\
(15, 'Add 1/2 tablespoon of butter to each microwave safe dish and adding a spoonful of onions. Microwave for 1 1/2 minutes on high, stirring after 30 seconds to distribute the melted butter.', 1),\
\
(15, 'Next, add a pinch of garlic, 1/4 cup rice, and 1/4 + 2 tablespoons broth. Cover with loosely with plastic wrap and heat in the microwave at 50% power level for 2 minutes. Remove and stir. Add additional broth if necessary. Repeat heating process.', 2),\
\
(15, 'Add the white wine. Cover again with plastic wrap and heat for another 2 minutes at 50%. Top with Parmesan cheese', 3),\
\
(16, 'Cut bread into cubes so that it reaches the top of the cup. ', 1),\
\
(16, 'Melt butter in cup for a few seconds in your microwave. Swoosh it around the cup.', 2),\
\
(16, 'Add bread to cup.', 3),\
\
(16, 'In a separate cup, combine the egg, milk, cinnamon, and vanilla. Stir', 4),\
\
(16, 'Pour the liquid over the bread. Smoosh it a little and allow the liquid to soak into the bread.', 5),\
\
(16, 'Microwave. Start with one minute, then add ten seconds at a time until it\'e2\'80\'99s cooked to your liking (no runny eggs). In my microwave that\'e2\'80\'99s 1 minute, 20 seconds.', 6),\
\
(16, 'Add syrup if desired. Eat!', 7),\
\
(17, 'In a bowl, combine the flour, butter and 1/4 confectioners\\' sugar. Pat into an ungreased 8-in. square baking pan. Bake at 350\'b0 for 20 minutes.', 1),\
\
(17, 'For filling, in a small bowl, beat eggs. Add the sugar, flour, baking powder, 2 tablespoons lemon juice and 1 teaspoon lemon zest; beat until frothy. Pour over the crust. ', 2),\
\
(17, 'Bake 25 minutes longer or until light golden brown. Cool on a wire rack. Dust with confectioners\\' sugar. Cut into bars.', 3),\
\
(18, 'Preheat the oven to 350\'c2\'b0F (175\'c2\'b0C). Grease a 9x9 baking dish or individual dish.', 1),\
\
(18, 'Fry the ham in butter on medium heat until crispy. Add the spinach and stir until wilted. Remove the pan from the heat and set aside.', 2),\
\
(18, 'Whisk the eggs and cream together and pour into baking dish.', 3),\
\
(18, 'Add the ham, spinach and cheese on top and place in the middle of the oven. Bake for 25\'e2\'80\'9330 minutes or until set in the middle and golden brown on top.', 4),\
\
(19, 'Rinse, trim and grate the cauliflower using a food processor or grater.', 1),\
\
(19, 'Add cauliflower to a large bowl. Add remaining ingredients and mix. Set aside for 5\'e2\'80\'9310 minutes.', 2),\
\
(19, 'Melt a generous amount of butter or oil on medium heat in a large skillet. The cooking process will go quicker if you plan to have room for 3\'e2\'80\'934 pancakes (about 3\'e2\'80\'934 inches each) at a time. Use the oven on low heat to keep the first batches of pancakes warm while you make the others.', 3),\
\
(19, 'Place scoops of the grated cauliflower mixture in the frying pan and flatten them carefully until they measure about 3\'e2\'80\'934 inches in diameter.', 4),\
\
(19, 'Fry for 4\'e2\'80\'935 minutes on each side. Adjust the heat to make sure they don\'e2\'80\'99t burn. Remember \'e2\'80\'94 patience is a virtue \'e2\'80\'94 if you flip the pancakes too soon they may fall apart!', 5),\
\
(20, 'In a bowl, combine egg, and \'ef\'ac\'82our.', 1),\
\
(20, 'Dip chicken cubes into batter until well coated, and then dip into bread crumbs. ', 2),\
\
(20, 'Fry in oil in large skillet on both sides until browned.', 3),\
\
(21, 'Combine marinade ingredients with meat in a ziplock bag and allow to marinate for 30 minutes.', 1),\
\
(21, 'Heat one teaspoon oil in a frying pan and saut\'c3\'a9 riced cauliflower until cooked through, about five minutes. Lightly season with salt and pepper. Transfer from pan directly to bowls.', 2),\
\
(21, 'Add another teaspoon of oil to the pan and saut\'c3\'a9 the snow peas over high heat until bright green. If the pan is large enough, move the peas to the side of the pan so you can add the meat, or remove the snow peas from the pan first.', 3),\
\
(21, 'Add the meat to the pan, reserving the marinade.', 4),\
\
(21, 'Cook the meat until browned, about four minutes, then add remaining marinade and cook until bubbling, another two minutes.', 5),\
\
(21, 'Combine with snow peas, if separated, and plate over the cauliflower rice.', 6),\
\
(22, 'Combine all the ingredients in a bowl. If you prefer a smoother texture\'e2\'80\'95more like jarred\'e2\'80\'95pulse half the salsa in a food processor, then combine it with the remaining chunky half. Cover tightly and refrigerate for up to 5 days.', 1),\
\
(23, 'Rinse chicken and place in a 6-quart soup pot.', 1),\
\
(23, 'Add water and bring to a boil over high heat. Skim any foam, residue or fat that rises to the surface using a large spoon or skimmer and discard.', 2),\
\
(23, 'Once boiling runs clear, reduce heat to a simmer and add carrot, onion, celery and salt. Add stock, if desired.', 3),\
\
(23, 'Simmer, covered, for 1 hour and 30 minutes. ', 4),\
\
(23, 'Ladle soup and vegetables over chicken.', 5),\
\
(24, 'Preheat the oven to 350\'c2\'b0F.', 1),\
\
(24, 'In a food processor, combine the dry ingredients and pulse them until well combined, about 10 pulses.', 2),\
\
(24, 'Add the wet ingredients and mix until well combined, about 20 seconds.', 3),\
\
(24, 'Scrape down the edges. The dough will be like a very thick batter but should be thin enough that it wouldn\'e2\'80\'99t roll into a ball.', 4),\
\
(24, 'Pour dough into a greased 9\'c3\'975 bread pan; there will be enough to fill the pan about halfway up.', 5),\
\
(24, 'Bake for 30-35 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean from the center.', 6),\
\
(24, 'Let cool in the pan for 30 minutes before serving.', 7),\
\
(25, 'Place the soy sauce, olive oil, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, garlic powder, basil, parsley, and pepper in a blender. Add hot sauce and garlic, if desired. Blend on high speed for 30 seconds until thoroughly mixed.', 1),\
\
(25, 'Pour marinade over desired type of meat. Cover, and refrigerate for up to 8 hours. Cook meat as desired.', 2),\
\
(26, 'Bring a large stockpot of water to a boil. Cook the string beans for 2 minutes, then drain and set aside.', 1),\
\
(26, 'Heat a large high-sided skillet over medium heat. Add the olive oil, 2 tablespoons of the garlic and the string beans and stir. ', 2),\
\
(26, ' Add the salt and pepper and mix again, then add the remaining 1 tablespoon garlic and stir to make sure the string beans are coated. Cook until tender, 5 minutes, and then serve.', 3),\
\
(27, 'Combine batter dry ingredients and mix well. Add wet and mix until just mixed. In a tiny bowl, combine all streusel ingredients. ', 1),\
\
(27, 'Fill greased microwave safe dish 1/2 way with batter. Sprinkle on two-thirds of the streusel, then spoon the remaining batter on top. ', 2),\
\
(27, 'Finally, sprinkle on the rest of the streusel. Microwave for about a minute.', 3),\
\
(28, 'Combine dry ingredients and mix very, very well. Add liquid, stir, then transfer to a little dish.', 1),\
\
(28, ' Either microwave 30-40 seconds OR cook in a 350F oven for about 14 minutes.', 2),\
\
(28, 'To make vegan, use alternative milk option such as almond milk. ', 3),\
\
(29, 'In a large bowl, use a hand mixer or a stand mixer to whip the cream until stiff peaks occur, be careful not to over whip. The cream will be done when you pull the beaters out and the cream stands at attention.', 1),\
\
(29, 'In another large bowl, whisk the vanilla, salt and sugar into the milk. Gently fold in the whipped cream with a spatula, slowly incorporating the two mixtures together so it stays light and aerated.', 2),\
\
(29, 'If making individual flavors, scoop the cream mixture into smaller bowls and gently fold in your desired mix-ins, or if making just one flavor, mix the ingredients directly into the cream mixture.', 3),\
\
(29, 'Transfer the mixture to an insulated tub or paper containers and freeze for 4-6 hours.', 4),\
\
(30, 'Combine the flour, brown sugar, baking powder and the salt in a mixing bowl and set aside. In the microwave or on the stovetop, heat the milk until it is warm but not hot. Once warm, remove it from the stove or microwave and add in the melted butter, egg and vanilla. Whisk until well blended.', 1),\
\
(30, 'Pour the milk mixture into the flour mixture. Using a fork, mix until only small lumps of flour remain. Note: Do not over-mix the batter. It should not be completely smooth.', 2),\
\
(30, 'Heat a large frying pan over medium heat. Once it is hot, coat the bottom with butter. Scoop \'c2\'bc cup of the batter into the middle of the frying pan and cook until little bubbles begin to rise and pop in the center of the pancake \'e2\'80\'93 about 2 minutes.  Flip the pancake and cook on the other side for another 2 minutes or until lightly browned and cooked through. Remove from heat and continue until you have used all of your batter.', 3),\
\
(30, 'Serve warm with maple syrup, powdered sugar, fruit or all by themselves.', 4),\
\
(31, 'Thinly slice Brussels sprouts lengthwise and steam until they become tender, about 4 minutes.  Transfer steamed Brussels sprouts to a serving bowl and combine red onion, soy sauce, sesame seed oil, pepper and lime juice.', 1),\
\
(32, 'Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.', 1),\
\
(32, 'Mix honey, soy sauce, crushed red pepper flakes, and black pepper in a bowl. Pour about 2 tablespoons of the honey-soy mixture into a small bowl and save for later. Brush chops with canola oil on both sides, and sprinkle with salt and black pepper.', 2),\
\
(32, 'In an oven safe skillet, preferably cast iron, sear the outside of the pork chops, 3-5 minutes. ', 3),\
\
(32, 'Transfer skillet to oven for 15-20 minutes or until the thickest part of the pork chop reads 165 degrees F. ', 4),\
\
(32, 'Sautee onions in same skillet until they are translucent and serve. ', 5);\
\
}